over the past 15 20 years adventure
games have come a long way for example
the puzzles in adventure and pointed
click adventure games were almost
impossible at times they were illogical
and you literally had to look up
walkthroughs for a lot of adventure
games to get through even some of the
best adventure games from yester years
had ridiculously stupid puzzles when
they came to point-and-click adventure
games are just adventure games word use
a controller this was a fact over the
past few years though with some of the
telltale titles and of course valiant
hearts the Great War adventure games are
starting to come into their own they're
cutting the fat if you will now valiant
hearts is a puzzle adventure game it's
not point-and-click at least not the ps4
version you control several different
characters as you progress a story set
in world war one most of the time during
the war like in actual battles you solve
various puzzles to progress in the game
these puzzles could be a lot of
different things like there's physics
puzzles there are some action type
puzzles what you have to throw grenades
or knock a guy out when he's not looking
and of course there is also traditional
puzzle elements we've grown to expect an
adventure game like finding some things
and using them on other things to
progress a valiant hearts also mixes up
these puzzle elements with a lot of
action so it keeps the game fresh the
action sequences in the game are things
like avoiding bombs that are being
dropped on you in real-time as you're
escaping from the enemy we're driving
really fast in this world war one
vehicle as you're escaping from the
enemy and dodging their bonds the
driving portions of this game are
pleasantly similar to the Stampede level
in the Lion King game which is a classic
in this game you control several
different characters and every character
is a specialist in something for example
this one guy can dig through soft earth
this guy can cut wires and this woman is
a medic so she can heal people she sees
that our wounded also all these
characters have the most adorable
companion in recent gaming history
World War one dog which is probably the
most useful character out of all of them
because the dog is absolutely necessary
to pass huge portions of this game
things like crawling through tight
spaces pulling a lever the dog can only
get you and also sometimes the dog is so
cute he actually distracts the guards
with his cuteness valiant hearts the
Great War shows the horrors of war
there's no doubt about that but it's
drawn so beautifully you will sometimes
be in awe of the artwork even in
disgusting destroyed cities where people
are being killed in real time the art
style reminds me of classic 90s cartoon
it looks a little bit like our real
monsters and hey arnold the story
follows the characters you control in
game as they branch off from some of the
other characters and then kind of meet
up again later the stories put together
very well and you really want to see
what happens next I normally don't like
games that take place in non fictional
worlds but in this one it works valiant
hearts the great war hits it out of the
ballpark in almost every facet of
gameplay it gets a very deserved stand
Birdman rating of a 9.1 out of 10 thanks
for watching goodbye my friends
but what
yeah come you